# Agenda for OOP Project meeting 2.1 - Group 30


* Location: DW PC-1
* Date: 15th February 2022
* Time: 14:45
* Attendees: Sydney Kho, Catalin Brita, Dmytro Maksymchuk, Delia Ion, Kyongsu Kim,
Vasil Dakov


## Agenda-items :
* [14:45-14:46] Opening by chair
* [14:46-14:50] Check-in 
* [14:50-14:55] Tips and Tops- first by chairman then everyone:
(Comment on what everybody in the group thought was well done about the project and give recommmendations on what the team could improve)- No reflection on tips and tops from last week
since there were none
* [14:55-15:05] [Agenda-item 1] – [Discussion of Backlog Document]
(Discuss: Is the condition of the backlog currently satisfactory, does anybody want to raise any 
possible concerns or think of a way to generally improve it, is there anything unclear from the Q&A sessions)
* [15:05-15:10] [Agenda-item 2] – [Discussion of Assignment 2B (Code of Conduct)]
(Discuss: Look at prepared draft. See how everybody is feeling on it, consult with TA 
on ways to improve it, whether it can be changed in the future and its current status)
* [15:10-15:15] [Agenda Item 3]– [Short Discussion of HCI Assignment]
(Short Discussion/ Inform: Inform team members about Information Literacy Module and the upcoming HCI assignment for which the lectures stared discussion related topics)
* [15:15-15:20] Feedback Round- does anybody want any feedback on Assignment 1A, 1B or the Git Assignment or want any feedback for it
* [15:20-15:25] Question Round
* [15:25-15:30] Closure (schedule next meeting)


©Instituut voor Talen en Academische Vaardigheden 2021


