Agenda for OOP Project meeting 6.1 - Group 30

- Location: DW PC-1
- Date: 14st March 2022
- Time: 13:45
- Attendees: Sydney Kho, Catalin Brita, Dmytro Maksymchuk, Delia Ion, Kyongsu Kim, Vasil Dakov
- Chairman: Dmytro Maksymchuk
- Note-takers: Delia Ion, Catalin Brita
## **Agenda-items :**
- [13:45-13:46] Opening by chair
- [13:47-13:49] Check-in
- [13:50-13:55] Tips and Tops- first by chairman then everyone: (Comment on what everybody in the group thought was well done about the project and give recommendations on what the team could improve) - Some reflection on the tips and tops from last week
- [13:56-14:00] [Agenda-item 1] – [Project discussion](Discuss: What has everyone been doing last week and how are they progressing)
- [14:00-14:05] [Agenda-item 2] - [Planning future work](Discuss: Sprint for this week; functionality we want to implement; divide the issues among ourselves)
- [14:06-14:14] [Agenda-item 3] - [Buddycheck reflection] (Discuss: Is everyone satisfied with the responses they got through buddycheck?)
- [14:31-14:35] [Agenda-item 4] - [Get feedback from TA regarding the project progress] (Feedback: What should be done this week to be on track with the project? )
- [14:36-14:40] [Agenda-item 5] - [Upcoming deadlines] (Discussion: Is there anything besides the project that needs to be done?)
- [14:41-14:44] Question Round
- [14:45-14:46] Closure (schedule next meeting)

# **Contributions and improvements from this week**

### Kyongsu
* Transitions
* Controller
* Points showing up on the screen
* Transitioning in between scenes still does not work too well
* Timer - separate branch working independently, but it still has to be connected to quiz
* Currently making a scene which shows the questions/ activities- in progress

### Delia

* Question scenes
* Finished the MR from last week
* Periods of time when a merge request has to be approved can be too long- both personal and from others

### Dima

* Catching up to code
* Ready to work

### Sydney

* Fixed question transitions 
* Catched up on Gitlab functionality and questions

### Catalin

* PREPARE ISSUES FOR FUTURE ISSUE IMPLEMENTATION
* Coordinate the implementation together with other people

### Vasko
* Implemented the database
* Imported activities
* Worked on the waiting room
* Changed the code of conduct

# **Feedback from TA**

* Setup MR template
* There should be equal distribution of tasks
* No use of how much time an implementation of an issue took in comparison to a time estimate
* Add more comments to code
* **DO - MORE - TESTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**
* Divide the merge requests more equally
* Review code more
* People who are behind on code contribution should try to work more if they have the time

# **Tip and toes**

* Communication could be improved
* Set up a separate channel for merge requests and important messages
* Think about future issues and features when working on an issue\
* Spread the work more eaqually through out the week, so that a day before spring submussion is not that stressful 
* -----
* Great attitude towards the project 
* Everyone willing to contribute





