Agenda for OOP Project meeting 4.1 - Group 30


* Location: DW PC-1
* Date: 1st March 2022
* Time: 13:45
* Attendees: Sydney Kho, Catalin Brita, Dmytro Maksymchuk, Delia Ion, Kyongsu Kim,
  Vasil Dakov
* Chairman: Catalin Brita
* Note-takers: Vasil Dakov, Sydney Kho


## Agenda-items :
* [13:45-13:46] Opening by chair
* [13:47-13:49] Check-in
* [13:50-13:55] Tips and Tops- first by chairman then everyone:
  (Comment on what everybody in the group thought was well done about the project and give recommendations on what the team could improve) - Some reflection 
  on the tips and tops from last week
* [13:56-14:00] [Agenda-item 1] – [Updates on the project]
  (Discuss: Each one of us discuss what he has done this week and talk about the overall progress of the project)
* [14:00-14:05] [Agenda-item 2] - [Future steps in the project]
  (Discuss: Decide what the next steps in doing the project would be - for example: do the architecture)
* [14:06-14:14] [Agenda-item 3] - [Coding feedback + MR & Git-inspector feedback]
  (Feedback: receive coding feedback from the TA and updates on the progress from the git-inspector)
* [14:15-14:30] [Agenda-item 3] – [HCI report evaluation and feedback]
  (Feedback: more update from the TA on what we have managed to update on the HCI report)
* [14:31-14:35] [Agenda-item 4] - [Discussion of coding goals for the week]
  (Discussion: Did we take on enough for the week? Is the work well assigned? What should we do to be back on track?)
* [14:36-14:40] [Agenda-item 5] - [Upcoming deadlines + Buddy-check information]
  (Discussion: what documents do we have to do next and information regarding the buddy-check)
* [14:41-14:44] Question Round
* [14:45-14:46] Closure (schedule next meeting)


## Notes from meeting

    * Notes 1:

    * Notes 2: 

# TO-DO
    
# Tips-and-tops Meeting 4.1