Agenda for OOP Project meeting 8.1 - Group 30
 
* Location: DW PC-1
* Date: 29 March 2022
* Time: 14:45
* Attendees: Sydney Kho, Catalin Brita, Dmytro Maksymchuk, Delia Ion, Kyongsu Kim, Vasil Dakov
* Chairman: Dmytro Maksymchuk
* Note-takers: Sydney Kho, Vasil Dakov
 
 
## Agenda-items :
* [15:45-15:46] Opening by chair
* [15:46-15:50] Check-in
* [15:50-16:00] [Updates on the project]
  (Discuss: Each one of us discuss what he has done this week and talk about the overall progress of the project)
* [16:00-16:10] [Demonstration of demo] 
  (Discuss and show: Our current state of the project, present the demo of the application to TA)
* [16:05-16:10] [Coding feedback] 
  (Feedback: Get feedback regarding the amount of work and code everyone has contributed this week)
* [16:05-16:10] [Gitlab feedback] 
  (Feedback: Get feedback regarding the contributions to the Gitlab this week (comments, approve, merge))  
* [16:10-16:15] [CoC discussion] 
  (Discuss: Is code of conduct being satisfied, does it need any updates?)  
* [16:15-16:20] [Deadlines] 
  (Discuss: Are there any deadlines for this week?) 
* [16:20-16:30] [Trial run of the presentation] 
  (Discuss: The project demonstration and when things should be done)  
* [16:30-16:40] [Future steps in the project]
  (Discuss: Decide what the next steps in doing the project would be)
* [16:40-16:44] Tips and Tops- first by chairman then everyone:
  (Comment on what everybody in the group thought was well done about the project and give recommendations on what the team could improve) - Some reflection on the tips and tops from last week)
* [16:44-16:45] Closure (schedule next meeting)
 
# Tips and Tops
* TODO
 
# Contributions and improvements from this week
- TODO
 
 
# Feedback

