Agenda for OOP Project meeting 7.1 - Group 30

* Location: DW PC-1
* Date: 22 March 2022
* Time: 15:45
* Attendees: Sydney Kho, Catalin Brita, Dmytro Maksymchuk, Delia Ion, Kyongsu Kim, Vasil Dakov
* Chairman: Sydney Kho
* Note-takers: Kyongsu Kim, Vasil Dakov


## Agenda-items :
* [15:45-15:46] Opening by chair
* [15:46-15:50] Check-in
* [15:50-16:00] Tips and Tops- first by chairman then everyone:
  (Comment on what everybody in the group thought was well done about the project and give recommendations on what the team could improve) - Some reflection on the tips and tops from last week
* [16:00-16:10] [Agenda-item 1] â€“ [Updates on the project]
  (Discuss: Each one of us discuss what he has done this week and talk about the overall progress of the project)
* [16:10-16:15] [Agenda-item 2] - [Future steps in the project]
  (Discuss: Decide what the next steps in doing the project would be - for example: do the architecture)
* [16:15-16:30] [Agenda-item 3] - [Coding feedback + Gitlab progress]
  (Feedback: receive coding feedback from the TA and updates on the progress from the git-inspector)
* [16:30-16:40] [Agenda-item 4] - [Discussion of coding goals for the week]
  (Discussion: Did we take on enough for the week? Is the work well assigned? What should we do to be back on track?)
* [16:40-16:44] Question Round
* [16:44-16:45] Closure (schedule next meeting)

# Tips and Tops

# Contributions and improvements from this week

# IMPORTANT

# Deadlines